BFD-2416:add test containers for ITs POC (#1644)
CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data: README.md

      -e "MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD=bfdLocalS3Dev" \
      minio/minio server /data --console-address ":9001"
    ```

> 6. In order to run bfd locally using test containers for integration tests, Docker for Desktop (https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/) or Podman must be installed. Docker for desktop is recommended
>    since test containers will automatically detect and launch containers for integration tests.  
>    TODO: Podman is supported as well.
>    bfd-server integration tests are still currently using HSQL for integration tests.
>    If you rather use HSQL instead of test containers, add the parameter -Dits.db.url=jdbc:bfd-test:hsqldb:mem to your mvn clean install command. 
> 
> 7. Run mvn install with the following 
>     ```
>      mvn -Dmaven.build.cache.enabled=false -Ds3.local=true -Ds3.localUser=bfdLocalS3Dev -Ds3.localPass=bfdLocalS3Dev clean install 
>     ```
>    If you want to run integration tests with HSQL only, run mvn install with the following

Reviewer: Maybe tidied up, something like this could work?

```suggestion
6. Run mvn install
    * By default: BFD _generally_ uses `testcontainers.org` to isolate state in integration test execution and requires a Docker-API Comptaible Container Engine to run such as docker and derivates (e.g. [Docker for Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)) or `podman`:

        ```
        mvn -Ds3.local=true -Ds3.localUser=bfdLocalS3Dev -Ds3.localPass=bfdLocalS3Dev clean install 
        ```

    * Alternative: HSQLDB is still supported where docker is unavailable. This can be used with the following:
        ```
        mvn -Dits.db.url=jdbc:bfd-test:hsqldb:mem -Ds3.local=true -Ds3.localUser=bfdLocalS3Dev -Ds3.localPass=bfdLocalS3Dev clean install
        ```
```
